bpo-12611: 2to3 crashes when converting doctest using reduce() (#15249)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2019-08-13-09-27-23.bpo-12611.e06VtJ.rst

> 2to3 converting doctest using reduce(). Patch by Aldwin Pollefeyt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix 2to3 crashing when run on a doctest that uses reduce(). Patch by Aldwin Pollefeyt.
```
